c:\Users\leo.sundberg1\Documents\Programming 2\Inventory\Inventory\bin\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.exe
c:\Users\leo.sundberg1\Documents\Programming 2\Inventory\Inventory\bin\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.deps.json
c:\Users\leo.sundberg1\Documents\Programming 2\Inventory\Inventory\bin\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\leo.sundberg1\Documents\Programming 2\Inventory\Inventory\bin\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.dll
c:\Users\leo.sundberg1\Documents\Programming 2\Inventory\Inventory\bin\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.pdb
c:\Users\leo.sundberg1\Documents\Programming 2\Inventory\Inventory\obj\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\leo.sundberg1\Documents\Programming 2\Inventory\Inventory\obj\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\leo.sundberg1\Documents\Programming 2\Inventory\Inventory\obj\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\leo.sundberg1\Documents\Programming 2\Inventory\Inventory\obj\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\leo.sundberg1\Documents\Programming 2\Inventory\Inventory\obj\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.dll
c:\Users\leo.sundberg1\Documents\Programming 2\Inventory\Inventory\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Inventory.dll
c:\Users\leo.sundberg1\Documents\Programming 2\Inventory\Inventory\obj\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.pdb
c:\Users\leo.sundberg1\Documents\Programming 2\Inventory\Inventory\obj\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\leo.sundberg1\Documents\Programming 2\Inventory\Inventory\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Inventory.dll
c:\Users\leo.sundberg1\Documents\Programming 2\Inventory\Inventory\obj\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\Leosu\Documents\Programming\Final Project\Inventory\Inventory\bin\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.exe
c:\Users\Leosu\Documents\Programming\Final Project\Inventory\Inventory\bin\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.deps.json
c:\Users\Leosu\Documents\Programming\Final Project\Inventory\Inventory\bin\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Leosu\Documents\Programming\Final Project\Inventory\Inventory\bin\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.dll
c:\Users\Leosu\Documents\Programming\Final Project\Inventory\Inventory\bin\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.pdb
c:\Users\Leosu\Documents\Programming\Final Project\Inventory\Inventory\obj\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Leosu\Documents\Programming\Final Project\Inventory\Inventory\obj\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Leosu\Documents\Programming\Final Project\Inventory\Inventory\obj\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Leosu\Documents\Programming\Final Project\Inventory\Inventory\obj\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Leosu\Documents\Programming\Final Project\Inventory\Inventory\obj\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\Leosu\Documents\Programming\Final Project\Inventory\Inventory\obj\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.dll
c:\Users\Leosu\Documents\Programming\Final Project\Inventory\Inventory\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Inventory.dll
c:\Users\Leosu\Documents\Programming\Final Project\Inventory\Inventory\obj\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.pdb
c:\Users\Leosu\Documents\Programming\Final Project\Inventory\Inventory\obj\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\Leosu\Documents\Programming\Final Project\Inventory\Inventory\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Inventory.dll
c:\Users\Leosu\Documents\Programming\Final Project\Inventory-main\Inventory\bin\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.exe
c:\Users\Leosu\Documents\Programming\Final Project\Inventory-main\Inventory\bin\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.deps.json
c:\Users\Leosu\Documents\Programming\Final Project\Inventory-main\Inventory\bin\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Leosu\Documents\Programming\Final Project\Inventory-main\Inventory\bin\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.dll
c:\Users\Leosu\Documents\Programming\Final Project\Inventory-main\Inventory\bin\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.pdb
c:\Users\Leosu\Documents\Programming\Final Project\Inventory-main\Inventory\obj\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Leosu\Documents\Programming\Final Project\Inventory-main\Inventory\obj\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Leosu\Documents\Programming\Final Project\Inventory-main\Inventory\obj\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Leosu\Documents\Programming\Final Project\Inventory-main\Inventory\obj\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Leosu\Documents\Programming\Final Project\Inventory-main\Inventory\obj\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.dll
c:\Users\Leosu\Documents\Programming\Final Project\Inventory-main\Inventory\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Inventory.dll
c:\Users\Leosu\Documents\Programming\Final Project\Inventory-main\Inventory\obj\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.pdb
c:\Users\Leosu\Documents\Programming\Final Project\Inventory-main\Inventory\obj\Debug\net8.0\Inventory.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\Leosu\Documents\Programming\Final Project\Inventory-main\Inventory\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Inventory.dll
